feature/ added doc for new cache behavior (#242)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/relnotes.md

**`taipy-core`** *<br/>2.1

   - New data node named `MongoCollectionDataNode`. It represents the data from a MongoDB collection.

>    - Data node caching mechanism now also takes into account the date and time of the last modification of a file caused by either Taipy execution or an external factor. This behavior is currently limited to CSV, Excel, JSON and Pickle files only.

Reviewer: 'Pickle' should not have a capital letter, just like I wrote in my previous comment.

**`taipy-core`** *<br/>2.1

   - New data node named `MongoCollectionDataNode`. It represents the data from a MongoDB collection.

>    - Data node caching mechanism now also considered the date and time of the last modification of a file caused

Reviewer: "also considered" -> "also considers" or "also takes into account"
(and same remark for 'factor' below)

+ 
"limited to only CSV files, Excel files, JSON files and Pickle files"
->
"limited to CSV, Excel, JSON and pickle files only"

   - The parent entities of a data node, a task, or a pipeline can be accessed via `DataNode.get_parents()^`,
   `Task.get_parents()^`, or `Pipeline.get_parents()^`, or by passing the data node entity, task entity or pipeline
   entity to the function `taipy.get_parents()^`.

>    - Data node caching mechanism now also takes into account the date and time of the last modification of a file caused by either Taipy execution or an external factor. This behavior is currently limited to CSV, Excel, JSON and pickle files only.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - The data node caching mechanism now also takes into account the date and time of the last modification of a file caused by either Taipy execution or an external factor. This behavior is limited to file-based data nodes: CSV, Excel, JSON, and pickle data nodes only.
```
